Require Developer Certificate of Origin in pull requests (#15613)
PowerDNS/pdns: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- please indicate if any of these things are done/included with this Pull Request. Not all boxes need to be checked for the Pull Request to be accepted -->
I have:
- [ ] read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/PowerDNS/pdns/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) document

> - [ ] read the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://github.com/PowerDNS/pdns/blob/master/DCO) document and added a ["Signed-Off"](https://github.com/PowerDNS/pdns/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#developer-certificate-of-origin) on my commits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] read the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://github.com/PowerDNS/pdns/blob/master/DCO) document and added a [signoff](https://github.com/PowerDNS/pdns/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#developer-certificate-of-origin) on my commits
```

or

```suggestion
- [ ] read the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://github.com/PowerDNS/pdns/blob/master/DCO) document and added a ["Signed-off-by"](https://github.com/PowerDNS/pdns/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#developer-certificate-of-origin) on my commits
```
